feat(trackers): Implement the SORT algorithm for object tracking (#2)
roboflow/trackers: CONTRIBUTING.md

For example:

```python
def sample_function(param1: int, param2: int = 10) -> bool:
    """
    Provides a brief description of function behavior.

    Args:
        param1 (int): Explanation of the first parameter.
        param2 (int): Explanation of the second parameter, defaulting to 10.

    Returns:
        bool: True if the operation succeeds, otherwise False.

    Examples:
        >>> sample_function(5, 10)
        True
    """
    return param1 == param2
```

Following this pattern helps ensure consistency throughout the codebase.

## Reporting Bugs

Bug reports are vital for continued improvement. When reporting an issue, please include a clear, minimal reproducible example that demonstrates the problem. Detailed bug reports assist us in swiftly diagnosing and addressing issues.

## License

> By contributing to RF-DETR, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under the Apache 2.0 License as specified in our [LICENSE](/LICENSE) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By contributing to Trackers, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under the Apache 2.0 License as specified in our [LICENSE](/LICENSE) file.
```
